Update DevGuide.md (adding an additional step + how to run scenario tests locally) (#1326)
dotnet/arcade-services: docs/DevGuide.md

    1. 
        - Repository: https://github.com/maestro-auth-test/maestro-test3
        - Installation Id: 289474

> 1. Run `.\Build.cmd -pack` at the top-level of the folder (in arcade-services)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `.\Build.cmd -pack` at the root of the repo
```

- https://zimmergren.net/introduction-azure-app-configuration-store-csharp-dotnetcore/
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-app-configuration/howto-integrate-azure-managed-service-identity

> ## Running scenario tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running scenario tests against a local cluster
```
